# Information Systems Development Methodologies - Assignment 1
## Travel Company Call Management Centre
## Luke Phillips, Kenny Tran, Anthony Nguyen Tran, Nam Dang

## Project Objectives:
This project is commissioned by a major travel company and aims to improve their existing call management system for sales of holiday packages. This will be achieved through better management of relationship manager (RM) skills customer demographics to correctly assign RMs to customers who require their knowledge. The objective is to reduce wait times and ensure chosen representatives have the product knowledge required by each customer's enquiry. This change is to improve customer experience and therefore improve the likelihood of initial product purchases and repeat business from customers. Additionally, the project aims to improve the experience for repeat customers, encouraging more purchases from the agency. All of these objectives will improve revenue for the agency and improve brand image with customers as a reliable service.

## Problem Definition:
* During Busy Times, customers are directed to an interactive voice response system which results in lower levels of customer engagement and loss of opportunities.
* Priority, Repeated and Potential clients hang up whilst in the waiting queue.
* Customers are matched with RMs who may not have the required knowledge of their desired package, redirecting these customers lowers satisfaction.

## Stakeholders:
The project has a series of stakeholders including:
* The travel company - business outcomes and revenue affected by the system's correct operation.
* Relationship managers (RMs) - will be using the system daily and must be able to navigate its functions correctly.
* Profiler tool - must correctly interface with the new system to generate customer profiles.
* End customers - will take their business to other organisations if the system results in long wait times or poor service.

## Project Assumptions:
* Server and storage capacity is sufficient for all processess in the solution.
* The company's telephone connection is already in place and outages will be managed by the provider.
* The existing telephone and internet connection bandwidth will be sufficient.
* RMs are able to see customer scores generated by the profiler tool.

## Empathy Maps:
**Company Point of View** <br/>
**Think and feel:**
* Current situation is that RMs are unable to provide exceptional service to customers due “varying number and nature of holiday packages”.
* RMs cannot possess all the knowledge of the company products but instead they do have in depth knowledge of some particular products and can provide exceptional service to some customer they contacted frequently.
* The current operation however is restricting RMs to perform what they are best at as a consequence their customers might experience poor services.

**See:**
* The company is currently seeing poor customer service due the complicated nature of their current system.
* Their system is restring potential RMs to performs the best of their ability as a consequence their customers are not putting their trust to the company.
* Due to poor customer service products are not as appealing in the marketplace. So, boosting the customer service might automatically increase the present of the products in the marketplace.

**Hear:**
* RMs does not have the required/appropriate for a particular product and while helping customer without the essential required knowledge lead to complaint from their customers such as poor services, RMs are not qualified, etc.
* This particular company may not be reliable as compared to other companies (i.e. their competitors).
* Customer feedback does not have the opportunity to talk and receive advice from an appropriate RMs.

**Pain:**
* RMs being match with new customers and/or existing customers where RMs have little knowledge about the products as a result unable to satisfied customers for their queries.
* Company’s revenue and its present on the market can drastically falling if the performance of the company continues to unsatisfied more customers.

**Gain:**
* If RMs can be matched (inbound call) to the appropriate customers where RMs’ performance and knowledge can be helpful for those particular customers, RMs will have the opportunity to deliver the best possible customer service to meet customer’s satisfaction.
* Customers’ satisfaction be can increase and will be continue to increase in the future, company’s revenue can be simultaneously increase as well which then allows the company to maintain its present on the market by being able to financially afford marketing and recruiting its employees.

**Customer Point of View** <br/>
**Think and Feel:**
* They may feel frustrated about the poor customer service they received from the RMs on call. 
* They may think that the company is unreliable for providing customers with desired information. 

**See:**
* Other customers and friends saying that they will switch to another company as representatives do not always have the correct knowledge of my desired product

**Hear:**
* They may hear from relatives or friends saying that the travel company is unreliable for desired information. 
* They may hear from RMs saying that they do not have the desired information. 

**Pain:**
* Being linked with a relationship manager with poor knowledge about the destination and traditions of a holiday package. 
* Long wait times when making inbound calls. 

**Gain:**
* When linked with a RM, can receive adequate information regarding the user’s desired holiday package. 
* Is informed enough to choose whether to purchase or reject the holiday package. 

## Brainstorm of Solutions:
* Adjust the call flow for inbound and outbound calls by matching RMs to customers according to RM skills and customer profiles to even spread calls throughout the RM team.
* Call routing can be improved by rating customers and RMs then prioritising matching highly rated people together to improve the experience for the best customers. Customers with a higher rating should also receive priority in the queue. Customers can be rated by their purchase history and call frequency using the existing profiler tool; while RMs can be rated from their experience, product knowledge and a short demographics survey in the recruitment process to gather cultural elements such as age, sex, culture and language proficiency.
* The system retrieves a customer’s details from the database and displays it to a RM. The system then generates a script for RMs that would help them address those customers effectively and provide them with the most relevant and targeted product recommendations through outbound calls. 
* Another way the system should handle outbound calls is creating a customer target list for each RM based on their skills, product knowledge and profile. This would help in linking customers with RMs that can provide desired information relating to certain holiday packages. Therefore, this ensures an improved customer service. 
* Inbound calls can be routed through a CMC system which is a private call routing system. This will distribute the high volume of calls quickly and effectively to reduce telephone charges to both the customer and company and waiting times. This system should also notify customers of queue waiting times in minutes/hours and gives the option for a call back.
* Customers should be given language options for the Interactive Voice Response system to hear their options in their preferred language. Interactive Voice Response should also be available through touch tone for customers with speaking disabilities.

## Project Backlog - Prioritised for Each Stakeholder:
**User Stories - Customer**
* As a customer, I want to be paired with a rerelationship manager with knowledge of my desired holiday, so that I can know more about the package.
* As a customer, I want to select my preferred language so that I can communicate more easily. 
* As a customer, I want to speak with someone understanding of my culutre and social area, so that I can be more comfortable.
* As a customer, I want to be directed ASAP to a RM without waiting in queue for a prolonged time so I can purchase my travel package.
* As a customer, I want to be notified of the queue waiting times so that I can call back at a later time.  
* As a customer, I want to be able to speak with the same RM in subsequent calls, so that we can easily continue with our previous discussion.
* As a customer, I want to receive a follow up call if my packages change or my RM is unavailable, so that I can adjust my plans accordingly.
* As a customer, I want my RM to know my details and current product status, so that I don’t have to relay my information.
* As a customer, I want to experience excellent customer service so that I can enjoy the phone conversation. 

**User Stories - Relationship Managers (RMs)**
* As a RM, I want to be matched to customers requiring my knowledge, so that I can best perform my duties.
* As a RM, I want to receive customer details and script guidelines for products to recommend in targetted outbound calls, so that I am aware of what the customer may want and can improve my service.
* As a RM, I want to receive customer details, score and any past purchase history on inbound calls, so that I know their interests and recommend products based on them.
* As a RM, I want to be accurately profiled on hiring, so that my skills and knowledge can be used effectively to create a sale.
* As a Company Manager, I want RMs to be matched with customers based on their scores, so that the best customers are provided with the best service to encourage repeat sales.

## Competitive Advantages:


## Effects of Failure:


## Agile Methodology Used:
To complete this project, we have implemented the SCRUM methodology. We have treated each week as a sprint and created a new category of the report in each iteration based on that week's guidelines.
We have used GitHub issues to generate a project backlog for report creation which are organised by the week (sprint) that they need to be completed in. These issues in the backlog are assigned to team members whose job it is to complete those tasks. Each person has used commit messages to document their progress as they submit changes to their assigned tasks and closed issues when that element of the backlog is complete.
